- 👋 Hi, I’m Mark Alberi Owner of SoftGlue, Software Tools & Virtual Network Compamy with GitHud Id @malberiSG
- 👀 I’m interested in supplying GitHub Visual Powershell & Visual C compiliers support tools & to expand the support GitHub script applications. 

This is possible for two reasons. One SoftGlue wrote a basic complete object orientated windows forms object powershell compiler which its complete repository can easily be embedded into a complete vb.net compiled executable with the softglue license-able Embedded Syntax Translator or EST & uses a patent-able RAM memory allocated space threaded script within the powershell console. The EST is general purpose ant text file of standard fonting VB.net embedding development tool. The visual powershell compiler does not require powershell console administration access to run. It is a complete indexed, full focus control Powershell Development Kit or PDK that runs in a complete Powershell Runtime Environment or PRE loading all functions from all scripts loaded in that allocated memory and upholding all OS objects focus environments. Hereby, linking them all together much like a JSON does within a command console. However, unlike a JSON thread, the visual powershell memory thread is completely OS kernel safe because it uses a patent-able powershell script within a powewrshell console memory space; and it is not a JSON file at all in syntax or with its file extension name. Its powershell Standard Notation or PSON that reserves powershell console memory space for all files called form a single root folder or repository as a special powershell manifest and powershell script module & so it does not have the file system security problem a command line console PSON can unless the script application it reserves RAM memory is a secure space by the rules of PSON javascipt applications deployment. This is why its completely OS kernel RAM, memory safe as security socket layer buffer of C and the C wscript interpreter kernels. Two, SoftGlue as propitiatory patent-able ANSI text file embeder tool into visual basic, VB2022.net. It can embedded any text file script or not into VB2022.net allowing the VB2022.net application to redeploy on the client that script into the safe client ProgramData folder, running that deployed script, then deleting the working script & all its folders form disk. Only the executable with that embedded script remains on server disk & the client is clean of any runtime script files or complete script applications, such as GitHub. Visual C is not yet developed. With funding its transposed Visual powershell binary compiler to augment C++ and visual basic as third complete compiler that will run in powershell with the powershell RAM memory thread the same as visual powershell now does & visual powershell will be expanded to support all windows forms objects that are currently supported by the modern 64-bit OS.

What's important about softglue's PSON is that as the PSON in itself is not a PSON at all. It is just a standard powershell manifest calling a standard powershell script module like any other manifest does & softglue's use of it is nothing special to anyone else who has. The difference and why no one since windows 98 of the 1990's has used any form of a powershell manifest and powrshell script module as a definable PSON such as softglue now has, is that softglue developed a MSDN patent-able forms object classes as translated definitions of the MSDN published objects, events, methods & properties & it developed its compiler index system & its own propitiatory and patent-able video full focus programmable as partial video focus when needed giving the look and feel of full application development to an applet or a full file system threaded application all served up in a single reserved RAM memory block exactly the same way as the JSON does for the command console and javascript. It is only for this reason I can define my powershell manifest & powershell script module API as an application PSON API in analogous to a JSON API for javascript applications . Softglue's usage of the powershell manifest and script model itself is not patent-able. Its standard Microsoft library development. The visual powershell compiler architecture that uses the Microsoft powershell manifest and script module standard library we all have used in one way or another that's development unique and very patent-able & license-able if supported by the OS company such as Microsoft. Using softglue's exact powershell manifest and script module, you too will reserve RAM memory space for all your powershell scripts & their functions as single script call on the powershell command line. difference its only a manifest call for your scripts and a PSON for softglue's Visual Powershell script compiler architecture and the Visual C translated compiler once funding is obtained.

This is what SoftGlue is about. If funding is approved and rights to develop and market all its application offerings including visual powershell & visual C, scripts like java script will be much safer to deploy across a remote TCP/ IP protocol.

I more than invite GitHub to verify all that is stated here with Microsoft. They are completely aware of my proposed new development tools technology. Also, anyone can download a free 30 day trial of any or all of the nine applications offered on the SoftGlue website, SoftGlue.net as a registered logged in user guest. To see for yourselves, download specifically the Visual Powershell Compiler Demo with over 6000 lines of VB embedded powershell code, Web Links a Visual Powershell applet with over 4600 lines of VB embedded powershell code, much like a C sharp is for C & the Embedded Syntax Translator or EST. GitHub will find that it can embed a complete GITHub repository of any kind including PHP etc into VB22.net or even VB6.net then use VB to redeploy that repository anywhere they want. However. SoftGlue only supports deployment of scripts into the ProgramData folder and in the final licensing of the EST, that's where any third part including GitHub will have to deploy any and all redeployed runtime embedded scripts.

This is what SoftGlue is about. If funding is approved and rights to develop and market all its application offerings including visual powershell & visual C, scripts like java script will be much safer to deploy across a remote TCP/ IP protocol.

I more than invite GitHub to verify all that is stated here with Microsoft. They are completely aware of my proposed new development tools technology. Also, anyone can download a free 30 day trial of any or all of the nine applications offered on the SoftGlue website, SoftGlue.net as a registered logged in user guest. To see for yourselves.download specifically the Visual Powershell Compiler Demo with over 6000 lines of VB embedded powershell code, Web Links a Visual Powershell applet with over 4600 lines of VB embedded powershell code, much like a C sharp is for C & the Embedded Syntax Translator or EST. GitHub will find that it can embed a complete GITHub repository of any kind including PHP etc into VB22.net or even VB6.net then use VB to redeploy that repository anywhere they want. However. SoftGlue only supports deployment of scripts into the ProgramData folder and in the final licensing of the EST, that's where any third part including GitHub will have to deploy any and all redeployed runtime embedded scripts.

There many other new SoftGlue software tools security technology developments as well & are apart of all softglue.net downloads. They are all part of both the security installation MSIs and the executables binding to the full file system application root directory through the registry runtime security and DevOps automation of all applications offered. What's listed here is the core company's business model; new C syntax compilers and its basic technology support.

in short, Visual Powershell translated as powershell console Visual C in conjunction with the Embedded Syntax Translator will expand C languages deployment with better security for all.

Please visit softglue.net the comets & Contact page. these page applet applications are a single GitHub artecture page that contains all CSS, HTML and javascript to make these a complete single HTM file embedded into the deployed web page by its name Comments or Contact. The web site itself has several single htm page GitHub architecture enhancements to my website a better user visitor and maintenance experience.

regards,

Mark L. Alberi

Owner of SoftGlue


- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- The internet business
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ...
-  How to make java script & PHP more safe and complaint with the remote TCP/IP for safe deployment by a VB.net binary.
- 📫 How to reach me ...
- softglue@yahoo.com
<!---
malberiSG/malberiSG is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
